Last added: T56

Open
####

T56: Support import of transactions from CSV files from finanzen-zero.net

T50: Consider splitting up the request list into two lists with unlock in one and all remaining requests in the other.
     Unlock actually is LockScreen-specific and implemented in WebBackend and all other requests are implementend infra_lib
     while being EframeApp-specific. This would also eliminate the need for the access annotations.

T49: Do not use both "back_end" and "backend" in names

T48: Improve macro names and break down double-stage macros into single-stage macros
     For example web_backend.rs: implement_requests -> define_start_request_methods + define_start_request_method

T47: How to deal with assets that have special tax rules like physical gold that is taxfree after 12 months?

T46: How to deal with trades for wich tax was deducted and settled by broker when it comes to tax declaration?

T45: "Log a Sale" should have a button for selectiong all lots

T44: Items in "Transactions" should be clickable like the ones in "Log a Sale" and lead to a "Modify this item" dialog

T43: The core_lib should probably use a Trait (repository pattern) in order to access the infra_lib logic

T42: The items in "Transaction Assets" should be clickable like the ones in "Log a Sale" and lead to a "Modify this item" dialog

T41: Would it be sensible to have a schema version number for the databases and RON file?

T40: Would it be sensible to move the user settings like data dir or unlock pattern to an unversioned configuration file?

T39: Make the UI design suitable for smartphone users

T5: Allow for configuring one target allocation per category

T7: The user input on each page should be reset on successful save only but not when leaving the page

T11: The allocation diagram never shows more than 5 days into the past although more days are available

T12: The allocation diagram should go from left to right from oldest to newest date

T18: Simplify ConfigureCategoryInput by using one datastructure for both new and existing entities.
     The distinction could be made by adding an Option<i64> for the entity ID which is None for
     new ones

T19: Discuss whether to store assets and categories in SQL or in RON and switch if RON is better

T21: Discuss whether and how to approach the use case "Categories might be related one to another".
     For instance, if an asset has value "Germany" for category "Country", it would automatically have
     value "Europe" for a category "Region". Or if it has value "Banks" for category "Industry" it
     automatically has value "Finance" for category "Sector"

T22: A windows 11 user could not enter an umlaut in text input except it was the first character.
     With my windows 10 machine it worked though

T23: Discuss whether and how to approach the use case "Modify existing assets"

T24: Discuss whether and how to approach the use case "Remove existing categories or category values"

T27: Move infra lib functions to a struct that keeps the SQL connection open

T28: Move all core logic from infra lib to core lib (e.g. add_asset)

T30: The backend implementation of the load_png_data request
     must restrict access to a set of allowed file names.
     Otherwise users could read the content of any server file

T31: Improve name of load_png_data request to, e.g., get_file_content


Closed
######

T35: Make fit for use with agentic AI

T34: Find a better app name

T25: Add logo and vertically align content to center of the main window 

T3: Support for having multiple differently weighted values for one category at an asset

T1: Successful save in any page navigates one back to page "Allocation Diagram"

T0: Basic prototype that can create and visualize allocation records

T9: When an allocation record has only one value for a category, the pie chart looks funny

T4: Let allocation diagram show the development over multiple consecutive records

T13: Allow float position amounts in records

T2: When navigating to "Allocation Diagram" the diagram is not updated

T10: All categories and values should be configurable in one page

T17: Do not reload existing category values inside show_configure_categories_page.
     They should be reloaded only when needed as side-effect of a user interaction.
     Thereby merge existing categories and values into one datastructure.

T15: Rename AppError Error and streamline its use. Remove all map_err calls

T20: list_asset_category_values should not be called from the ui update function

T8: Allocation records must remember not only assets but also their values at record creation time
    in order to stay constant over changes to asset values
    
T6: Allow for adding assets that lack category values and show them as "<not set>" in diagrams

T14: The entire app must be scrollable in case that the content exceeds the main window

T29: Second attempt to make the app remotely usable via web frontend.
     Starts the entire project anew as a workspace with several crates.
     Then, step by step, re-applies the features of the previous state

T33: Reduce redundancy of start_* and poll_* methods in EframeApp
     Achieved in the context of T29.

T26: First attempt to make the app remotely usable via web frontend.
     Conclusion: The project should be restructured fundamentally for a
     clean implementation. This will be done in the context of T29

T37: Make fit for online hosting

T38: Make `cargo run` from the repo root the default

T32: Support tracking transactions independently from the allocation records

T36: Autocompletion for ISINs via asset names when logging a buy transaction

T51: Control client access in web variant via an unlock pattern with client-specific blocks after too many attempts

T52: Store and check schema/format versions for DBs and allocation-record files

T53: Add tool for creating backups of the data of a fly.io deployment

T54: Add portfolio page

T55: Add a favicon